hi there, you're on the blitz fan channel and with
by you i am 701
and finally we got to the apogee
Development of American medium tanks and
just before the tank m48 patton and let's
let's see what we have been striving for so long
First, let's talk about booking
by far the most important part of medium
tanks strength of one thousand eight hundred
fifty units is not that strong
a lot but not too little pretty
weighty figure for medium tank
body reservation in the forehead 110
millimeters aboard feed there everything is quite
modestly booking towers 177
millimeters in the forehead board and feed
again, we don't sound as strange as it seems
it seemed but when booking a forehead in 110
millimeters we do not tank to the body
sorry
because the tank is really huge tank
large and therefore targeting vulnerable
the places are quite simply the only one
a way to catch bounce and not penetration
stage and face is the most correct
a way to tank it on the club
corps however the tower we have but on
this time all the same big mask will not
talk about the potanin but here and this mask
in principle, we can tank and also
we survived
not very bad angles vertical
crosstalk but again the tower is not without us
sin we have a huge turret
the commander to target is very
just if you stand still therefore
haul out because of any shelters
possible but only with constant
movement maneuverability maneuverability
again mediocre in principle as on
ninth pattani 47 tons mass
pretty substantial amount and 810 horse
forces engine gives us approximately
about 17 horsepower per tonne
principle, not bad, we move
Much fresher than 9 patton but all
Equally I would like to have fun
so again a powerful explosion
no it's not for us but what then for
us for us this damage smoothly
go to the gun tools we have the same
most yes too
350 units of alpha but at the same time grew
breaking through as many as 268 units and and as you know
with c 10 level main shells
are subcaliber what is their
advantage you basically can
read on the Internet but it is a significant plus
the variation in 036 is quite solid
advantage over previous
subton mixing time 2 seconds to
the gun we have become much more accurate
more precisely
and we have grown tremendously
gun stabilization in motion now with
the guard can be handed out right and left
and since we are the slegonets of those and the moves then this
It turns out in two and not more so
how to play on this tank itself
all I read now is like
hints that compared to the ninth
podton tactics not much has changed
again in the first half the battle and
shoot off in the second half of the battle
we rashim but in connection with
updated machine performance
the range of our tasks has increased slightly
and now we can act a little by
another scenario and even aggressive play
perhaps in solo perhaps the only one
my opinion minus this tank will be
that we have to pump out the guns 10
the level it needs a minute 45 thousand
experience this suggests that even
we will have dozens a little bit
suffer but it is a tool predtopovoe
guns from the previous paton and she doesn't
so bad and at the end of everything
this apogee and our cycle want
say that the branch is American
I liked medium tanks
almost all of this and m3 whether on the fourth
level with a unique gameplay is a bunch
ziv on the sixth which i think is one of
most imba watts machines that level on
seventh level t20 machine understand which
not easy but if you can then you
will open like no other
Pershing in my opinion is generally one of
the best of 108
patan 46 paton 48 really
unique and very good cars but for
order to efficiently and most importantly
of course it's fun to play them
these hands will not be needed
are simple
and on this today everyone thanks for all
attention if you liked the video not
forget to subscribe to the channel and
like and join a group
VKontakte and of course if you missed
previous issues required
be sure to follow the link in
description there you can read
each machine of this branch in more detail
to new meetings